hi you guys you all know I do not have a
lot of time on my hands now that I have
three kids so I wanted to do a quick get
ready routine of how I get ready in five
minutes every morning just wanted to
show you my basic makeup and hair
routine so these are some of the
products that I use and they will all be
listed down below as well so here I am
no makeup my hair is like second day
hair I haven't washed it yet so the
first thing I'm gonna do is use this
pixi by petra glow mist and I got this
at Target and this just gives your face
some nice radiance and doing this extra
moisture is what my face always needs
I also been using this Mac Studio face
and body foundation and I love love love
this foundation because it is so light
it's basically like a CC cream or a BB
cream but if I have like extra acne or
whatever extra dark spots I can build it
and it's very buildable doesn't look
cakey it's the exact match of my skin
which I really love as well and I'm
applying that with a dampened Beauty
Blender which also helps make it look
super natural and does make me look like
I'm like taking on the makeup just to go
run errands and drop my kids off at
preschool next is my favorite concealer
and it's the Revlon Photoready
concealer this is super super creamy I
have been using this for years I'm
talking like three or four years I love
it because it's my exact skin tone and I
love it because it does a really good
job of covering any spots or any problem
areas that I may be having and the next
thing I like to do after that is just
apply another concealer this is a
brightening peach concealer it's like a
corrector from pixie as well I like to
put this under my eyes just to kind of
counterbalance
any dark circles or weird coloring going
on because I don't sleep at all and then
this is another tried-and-true favorite
the maybelline instant age rewind
concealer under eye concealer and this
is just in the brightening color I
believe but I love this it's super thin
and just makes your face look a lot
brighter and makes my eyes no look not
as tired next is a blush from the balm
called hot mama and I love this because
it's very reflective very natural you
can build it up if you want to I just
really like this color a lot and
buying this with my Bobbi Brown that
brush blush alright blush a brush wow I
cannot speak and I got a couple hours
sleep last night you guys and I saw I
like to put this on just to add color to
my face I don't like to cake on the
foundation or concealer and anything I
want it to look very natural but I think
it's very important that I add like I
flushed my face because I don't want to
look super pale and super tired because
I am very tired and I think I'm just
complaining in this video also I take
the Beauty Blender just to like blend it
out a little bit so it's not such a
defined line next I sometimes do this I
sometimes don't but this is just a
shimmer brick highlighter from Bobbi
Brown sometimes I just apply this on the
apples of my cheeks just for a little
bit of glow and doing this sometimes I
skip this sometimes I don't it just
depends on how much time I have next up
is eyebrows another pixie product I've
been loving this because Judy from it's
Judy time talked about it and it's the
natural brow duo and one side as you see
is the pencil and the other side is the
gel I love this because it's all
together it's super quick super natural
looking as you can see and it just makes
it really quick sort of to grab like a
different pencil in a different gel and
all that just for my eyebrows but I
think eyebrows are super important to
have ready if you're not doing too much
makeup next up I just put some eyeshadow
primer on and sometimes I skip this step
as well just because it can take a while
but I just have been using the Too Faced
shadow insurance I really like it's a
good stay on all day kind of product so
the next thing that I do is I usually
just use one eyeshadow and one eyeshadow
that I've been using lately is just Mac
wood wing day I really love this eye
shadow just because it's so natural like
a beautiful bronzy color and I think
it's just a really good all over I
shadow color Molly's hair she's kind of
crying but I like it because it's super
easy to just put one color on it has
like a lot of dimension to it and it
just you know I'm not gonna see her put
50 different eyeshadows on and all of
that so this is me blending it out as
well I'm the crease and everything so it
just looks blended then I take my Sonia
Kashuk eyelash curler and I curl my
eyelashes my little Stubbins I love my
could hold straight eyelashes and after
that you know my favorite mascara of all
time is the Maybelline falsies of I'm
Express eye
get it in the waterproof formula because
I don't want any smugness going on so
here I am applying it on my upper and
lower eyelashes on both my eyes and it's
funny because as I was doing this I was
seriously like doing this in five
minutes this is how my day is you guys
every single day now when I'm trying to
get ready last but not least I like to
add a lip gloss this is the Bobbie Brown
lip gloss in tangerine and I love
anything peachy or tangerine e color for
the spring and summer and the gloss just
looks super natural and then time for my
hair and I've been using this Amica
perkupp dry shampoo there's release foot
in my shot so I put that in my hair just
to make it not as greasy and then as
always I use my wet brush because my
hair can get super crazy tingly because
it's super thick and I pull it up in a
ponytail
of course because who has time to
actually do their hair every single day
so here it is of course my elastic broke
because my hair is so thick I cannot
tell you guys how many times elastics
break on me because my hair is so thick
anyway this is my go-to look every day
since I don't have a lot of time getting
all three kids out of the house every
morning I hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs up if you do and comment down
below and let me know what products you
guys like to use and we'll see you later
bye